Design highly scalable static website using Amazon S3 with below requirement:
    Enable Versioning on all objects in S3 bucket
    Enable Amazon S3 (SSE S3) based encryption for  S3 bucket
    Enable Replication in such way that all objects in S3 bucket with replicate to another bucket in Singapore region (Cross Region Replication)
    Setup Lifecycle rule which will fulfil below conditions-
     - By default move files older than 30 days from Standard Storage to Infrequent                                                       
        Access
      - Move files older than 180 days to Glacier-
      - Move files older than 365 days to Deep Glacier-Permanently 
      - delete previous versions which are older than 90 days
    Enable email notification whenever new object will get added/deleted from S3 bucket
Steps:
1.Search for S3
2.Create bucket.
3.Give Bucket name and select aws region.
4.Select Object Ownership as per recommendation.
5.Give public access 
6.Enable Versioning to see multiple versions and add tag.
7.Enable Amazon S3 (SSE S3) based encryption for  S3 bucket.
8.Create bucket.
9.From Upload you can add new files and folders.
10.One file is added.(e.g index.html)
11.click on Upload.
12.Make some changes in same file and Upload one more time.
13.To see versions ,enable show versions .
14.Enable Amazon S3 (SSE S3) based encryption for  S3 bucket.
    Add Bucket policy ,to provide access to the objects stored in bucket and save changes.
    (Ref link to add policy:https://awspolicygen.s3.amazonaws.com/policygen.html)
15.Enable Replication in such way that all objects in S3 bucket with replicate to another bucket in Singapore region (Cross Region Replication)
      For that, create one more bucket in the Singapore region.
      Add replication rule for bucket which was created in Mumbai region.
      In management section , create the Replication rule.
      Configure Replication rule:
      Save the rule.Once , rule is created add one more file in mumbai region ,this file will be replicated in singapore region.
      Here ,we see file is replicated.

16.Setup Lifecycle rule
    Create lifecycle as per requirement.
    Click on Create rule.

17.Enable email notification whenever a new object will get added/deleted from S3 bucket.
    Search for SNS and click on Simple Notification Service.















